test-diagrams.md, before:

# Diagram Test für MarkdownViewer

Dieser Markdown-Test zeigt Mermaid und PlantUML Diagramme.

## Mermaid Flowchart

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[Start] --> B{Is it working?}
    B -->|Yes| C[Great!]
    B -->|No| D[Debug]
    D --> A
    C --> E[Done]
```

## Mermaid Sequence Diagram

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant User
    participant App
    participant WebView2

    User->>App: Open .md file
    App->>WebView2: Load HTML
    WebView2->>WebView2: Render Mermaid
    WebView2->>User: Display diagram
```

## PlantUML Class Diagram

```plantuml
@startuml
class MainForm {
    -WebView2 webView
    -string currentFilePath
    -FileSystemWatcher fileWatcher
    +MainForm(filePath)
    +LoadMarkdownFile(filePath)
    -ConvertMarkdownToHtml(markdown)
}

class Program {
    +Main(args)
    -InstallFileAssociation()
    -UninstallFileAssociation()
}

MainForm --> Program : uses
@enduml
```

## PlantUML Sequence Diagram

```plantuml
@startuml
User -> MarkdownViewer: Open .md file
MarkdownViewer -> Markdig: Convert to HTML
Markdig --> MarkdownViewer: HTML string
MarkdownViewer -> WebView2: NavigateToString()
WebView2 -> Mermaid: Render diagrams
WebView2 -> PlantUML_Server: Fetch PlantUML images
PlantUML_Server --> WebView2: SVG images
WebView2 --> User: Display rendered content
@enduml
```

## Code mit Syntax Highlighting

```csharp
public class Example
{
    public void HelloWorld()
    {
        Console.WriteLine("Hello, World!");
    }
}
```

**Ende des Tests**

Commit message:

Release v1.0.1: English docs, PlantUML fix, comprehensive tests
Changes:
- Translated all documentation to English (README, DEVELOPMENT)
- Fixed PlantUML rendering with proper URL encoding
- Added comprehensive test file (test-features.md) with:
  - Base64 embedded images (PNG, SVG)
  - External and internal links
  - Reference links
  - Tables with various alignments
  - Code blocks with syntax highlighting
  - Lists (ordered, unordered, task lists)
  - Blockquotes (simple, nested, with code)
  - Text formatting (bold, italic, strikethrough)
  - HTML elements and details/summary
- Updated version to 1.0.1
- Technical, professional documentation style

test-diagrams.md, after:

# Diagram Test for MarkdownViewer

This test file demonstrates Mermaid and PlantUML diagram support.

## Mermaid Flowchart

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[Start] --> B{Is it working?}
    B -->|Yes| C[Great!]
    B -->|No| D[Debug]
    D --> A
    C --> E[Done]
```

## Mermaid Sequence Diagram

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant User
    participant App
    participant WebView2

    User->>App: Open .md file
    App->>WebView2: Load HTML
    WebView2->>WebView2: Render Mermaid
    WebView2->>User: Display diagram
```

## PlantUML Class Diagram

```plantuml
@startuml
class MainForm {
    -WebView2 webView
    -string currentFilePath
    -FileSystemWatcher fileWatcher
    +MainForm(filePath)
    +LoadMarkdownFile(filePath)
    -ConvertMarkdownToHtml(markdown)
}

class Program {
    +Main(args)
    -InstallFileAssociation()
    -UninstallFileAssociation()
}

MainForm --> Program : uses
@enduml
```

## PlantUML Sequence Diagram

```plantuml
@startuml
User -> MarkdownViewer: Open .md file
MarkdownViewer -> Markdig: Convert to HTML
Markdig --> MarkdownViewer: HTML string
MarkdownViewer -> WebView2: NavigateToString()
WebView2 -> Mermaid: Render diagrams
WebView2 -> PlantUML_Server: Fetch PlantUML images
PlantUML_Server --> WebView2: SVG images
WebView2 --> User: Display rendered content
@enduml
```

## Code with Syntax Highlighting

```csharp
public class Example
{
    public void HelloWorld()
    {
        Console.WriteLine("Hello, World!");
    }
}
```

**End of test**
